Cristian Montes Montecinos
12/07/2021
Quantitative Reasoning Reflection

Throughout the course, students were able to get hands-on learning with programming;
with the experience, there are times when the programmer has to decide what
technique works best for their line of code. Lab 04 - Camel uses multiple lists
to keep the game from not being the same as your previous run. Loops are used
to keep a game going by continuing; you are given the same multiple-choice actions
every turn, which will affect your gameplay. Using a loop keeps the code going
until the player either quits or loses. "If" statements were used to keep the
game from having different possibilities. An example of an "if" statement would
be if the player moves forward, there is a possibility they may find an oasis.
Class method helped me take parameters and label them to a specific user.
In Lab - 07 User Control, I used a class method to create a bird with parameters
to control its movement and size. I knew writing a function would be the best
method to develop a lot of shark fins on Lab 03 - Draw using functions. With
parts, I created one shark and made it, so I can move it anywhere on the screen by
just adding the x and y.

    If your line of code is understandable to a programmer and someone who does
not code, it is clear. A programmer can make a line of code clear by being
descriptive with your variables. For example, If I want to make a variable that
controls how many coins are generated in a code, I would name it "COIN_COUNT."
Reading the variable "COIN_COUNT" will help the individual identify the
variables' purpose, and you would be able to change the number of coins the
individual wants. Adding descriptive names and feedback to your code will help
better understand the line of code's purpose; this is useful if a
programmer wants to update something within the code.

Writing a code sometimes does not work the way you intended it to; you will
encounter errors and need to fix them. I debug errors by cutting
my problems into small sections and working on them piece by piece. Cutting
my mistakes by amount allows me to determine what part of the line is causing this
error and how to solve it. When you run your code, and an error pops up, the run
tab will direct you to which line the computer was confused, which led to the
error. It is essential to take the computer's feedback and solve the
problem. However, if you know where the problem is located but cannot find the
solution, you can open the chapters available on Arcade Academy to help you.

    Using numerical methods to judge someone would not be the right way to go.
Humanities emotions and attitude are too diverse and unique that having algorithms
replace them. Many managers in there business encourage there employees to always
have good towards the customers. Target is known encourage there employees to
always have a good attitude and make the customer feel welcomed, and I believe
algorithms would not be any better. Every individual has their own strengths and
weakness, and evaluating a student only on test scores would be unfair. Everyone
goes through life at their own pace and setting expectations to a diverse country
such as the United States would not be evaluated fairly. there are many categories
that help indicate how big of an asset you are, and solely using a test score
would take away individuals opportunities who are not good at taking tests but has
a lot of hands-on experience.
